DITAfication of Provisioning hosts (#4515)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-an-amazon-ec2-connection-to-server-by-using-cli.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="adding-an-amazon-ec2-connection-to-server-by-using-cli"]
= Adding an Amazon EC2 connection to the {ProjectServer} by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]
Use this procedure to add the Amazon EC2 connection in {ProjectServer}'s compute resources.

.Prerequisites
* An AWS EC2 user performing this procedure needs the `AmazonEC2FullAccess` permissions.
You can attach these permissions from AWS.
* Amazon Web Services uses time settings as part of the authentication process. Provide the correct time to Amazon Web Services to prevent authentication failures:
** Ensure that {ProjectServer}'s time is correctly synchronized.

> ** Ensure that an NTP service, such as `ntpd` or `chronyd`, is running properly on {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Amazon Web Services uses time settings as part of the authentication process.
Ensure that {ProjectServer} has an NTP service configured, for example, `ntpd` or `chronyd`.
```

Author: That's much better, thanks!
